*: add experimental warnings (#2832)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

### `oom-action`

> **Warning:**
>

> > This is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended that you use this attribute in the production environment.

Reviewer: This is not aligned with [docs-cn changes](https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/tidb/v4.0/tidb-configuration-file#oom-action). @jackysp

Author: done

- Specifies what operation TiDB performs when a single SQL statement exceeds the memory quota specified by `mem-quota-query` and cannot be spilled over to disk.

> - Default value: `"cancel"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default value: `"log"`
```

### `oom-action`

> **Warning:**
>

> > This function currently counts the memory during the writing process, which is an experimental feature. For users who want to rely on this feature to cancel the write operation, it is not recommended to configure it as cancel in the production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This feature is still an experimental feature, which counts the memory during the writing process. For users who want to use this feature to cancel the write operation, it is not recommended to configure it as `cancel` in the production environment.
```
